Hello guys and girls and ladies and gentlemen and welcome to the deep natural language processing course
we've got five minutes on our timer and that's because today I've set myself a challenge to get you
pumped excited and super energized about this course.
So let's dive straight into it.
All right.
Get excited.
So Chad but why are they the next big thing why are they becoming so much more popular with every day.
All right let's have a look.
There's going to be a couple of companies which we all know.
Apple Microsoft Google and Amazon and all of them have invested major R&D funds and time and effort
into chapbooks Apple we all know Siri Microsoft and Android phones have Cortana.
Google had Google now.
And recently they've come out with something even more involved is and it's called Google assistant.
And finally Amazon has Amazon LXI.
Now don't be surprised that first although it's present these are predominantly voice chat.
So if you can still talk and why text especially the Google one you can still talk that way text but
Siri on Amazon Alexa they're mostly designed as voice chat.
Don't be surprised when we talk about them in this in the context of this course because all of the
algorithms that you will learn all of the methodologies all of the deep natural language processing
techniques they're all applicable to both text and voice and everything that you learn how to create
with the texting.
Chad boughts same exact principles can be used for Wasn't will be pointing that out through the course.
So the question isn't why are these companies now investing so much time money and effort into Chad.
Why is that so sure big thing.
Well think about it.
Like if five years ago you woke up in the morning and you wanted to check the weather.
Then what would you do.
You pull up the phone and you would type into Google how.
What's the weather like for today.
Now you don't do that anymore you just say hey cereal.
Hey Cortona.
And you ask what's the weather like for today.
That's the fastest way and you get an answer.
And so that's the way where the world is going.
So we started off with computers where we had to type on our keyboards all the time to get information.
Then we moved to smartphones which smartphones were moved to Florida where you could have Internet where
you could look up information.
Then we move to smartphones with touch where you could touch and type like the keyboard actual typing
thing in the virtual keyboard.
And then we move to voice so you can see this progression of user interface.
And what we're moving towards is referred to by Satti Nadella who's the CEO of Microsoft over here.
Q First do it as conversation as a platform and more and more we're going to be moving in that direction.
So we need computers which can understand our voices or if we in some cases we need type who for using
our messaging app they need to understand human language.
And that's why voters have a problem.
So it's a whole shift in the user interface paradigm.
And one company is missing from this list.
What is that company why did we leave it out.
But it's called Facebook.
A massive company.
Why is it on the list.
Well because Facebook is doing something even more radical.
They created their own factory of chappals.
Let's have a look here.
We have one minute 24 seconds.
It's cold.
It's alive.
I know.
And if you go here you can build a chapel for your Facebook page so you have a Facebook community.
You can just create a child bot and program it for it for it to be able to communicate with your users
to help.
So why is this important for businesses and for communities and so on.
So here's a couple reasons.
Childbirths are telling them their fast drive conversations and are relevant.
Another very big one is that chat boards are scalable.
They're the most scaleable approach a business can take in order to interact with users.
GM 100 customers need one support representative.
Then we have 100000 customers you need Gunjan eat a thousand supporter visitors.
But if you have a child but you're always going to have one child and that costs a lot of costs and
Greeces efficiency.
So have a look around here that's available Clive.
How much time.
Twenty six seconds.
Always finish off with a movie recommendation.
So if you'd like to get a feel for the world we're going into.
Check out this movie it's called her very interesting movie.
It's a lie to ex machina if you haven't seen it.
Or if you know me you know it's my favorite movie.
This is very similar.
Very interesting thoughts.
It's all about that Julia notice you doesn't have a keyboard or mouse here anymore.
All right.
That's how Tyrer and enjoy the course.
Let's get this thing started.
And I look for see you on the first story.